Snow White is a character if the Grimm fairy tale. She is a lonely princess living wit$
Jealous of Snow White's beauty, the wicked queen orders the murder of her innocent ste$
but later discovers that Snow White is still alive and hiding in a cottage with seven minors.

The wicked queen decides one day that she will sneak up on Snow White and those
seven little dwarfs. So, one day the dwarfs are picking fruit in the forest
and the wicked queen decides to hide and wait for them to go back to the cottage.
Conveniently, Snow White steps outside to help the dwarfs with the picking.
After 20 minutes, they all congregate and start to head back into the cottage.
When they enter the cottage, the wicked queen makes here move and slips inside
behind them, right before the door slams shut.

Once inside, the Queen prepared to reveal her master plan.
She made herself invisible and poisoned an apple that Snow White would eat.
When she took a bite, the young lady dropped dead on the ground. Laughing evilly, the Queen made her escape.
She was sure that Snow White would never challenge her beauty again.
The dwarfs made a glass casket for Snow White, not knowing that her death was actually just a deep sleep.
They left her sleeping in the coffin inside a cave deep in the forest, and returned to their work as miners.
By chance, a few years passed, and Prince Handsome wandered past the cave. Curious, he took a look inside.
He practically fell off his white horse when he saw the beautiful person interred in the crypt.
He approached the casket, whipped out his Samsung Galaxy S9 cellular phone, and took a selfie with the coffin in the background.
He was just about to post it on his Instagram when Snow White stirred inside her coffin.

Prince Handsome was stuned at first, but then he soon realized it is an opportunity for him to become famous.
He opened the live stream on Youtube and marked his title as "Beautiful Female Zombie Suudenly Wake Up! What Happened?!"
In a short while, there were millions audience in his live. All of them incited Prince Handsome to open the coffin.
Prince Handsome was timid in the beginning, but when more and more audience come into his live, he approached to the coffin.
The coffin is not heavy, so Prince Handsome open the coffin with one hand.
Snow White jumped out. After several years slept in coffin, she was still as beautiful as she was young.
The wicked queen also watched Prince Handsome's live. When she saw Snow White's face in her iPhone 11 Pro's screen, she screamed and mashed her phone.

The beauty of Snow White stunned the audiences of the channel. They posted a
lot of comments that wanted to hear Snow White talking about both of her
emotional and physcial feelings. Snow White refused because she was starving.
She should be eating instead of talking. Prince Handsome walked her to the
restaurant and had a nice conversation. In the end, they worked together and
opened an official live streaming channel, which has become one of the top five
popular channel on Internet. End.   
